## **Table of Contents**
## **List of Participants**
## **Abstract**
For this project, I will examine the covers of Vogue Magazine over the past ten years from all 17 countries that it is published including: Australia, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Greece, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Portugal, Russia, Spain, Taiwan, United Kingdom, and United States. The project data will be the text content featured on the cover. Using this data, a topic model will be created that highlights the key topics from each country over time. This will allow for analysis of the content per country, as well as over time. 

The purpose of the project is to provide an outline of the key topics discussed in Vogue Magazine over time. Being a well known fashion magazine, Vogue reaches a massive audience across the world. This topic model will help the public understand the cultural, societal, and beauty standards across 17 countries. The project will also provide insight into the consumer language used to entice women to purchase the product. I predict that across the world we will see different popular standards for women relating to sex, relationships, beauty and physique. I predict there will be altering levels of these topics based on the countries cultural values. 

An important component of this project will be creating a website entirely open to the public. This will allow for the general public to gain further knowledge regarding societal pressures on women. Additionally, scholars will be able to access the data to further contribute to their research and studies. There are a number of potential studies that could derive from this data set including: psychological studies, consumer advertising studies, as well as further digital humanities studies. 
